12.0.0 (#233)
MetaMask/utils: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [12.0.0]

> ### Uncategorized
> - fix!: `Keyring.serialize` and `Keyring.deserialize` types ([#232](https://github.com/MetaMask/utils/pull/232))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
- **BREAKING:** The `State` generic has been removed from the `KeyringClass` and `Keyring` types ([#232](https://github.com/MetaMask/utils/pull/232))
  - The `serialize` method of the `Keyring` type now returns a `Promise<Json>`
  - The `deserialize` method of the `Keyring` type now accepts `Json` as its argument
```
